fix(doc): updating font doc is easier to read (#3868)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-fluent-assets.md

# Uno Fluent UI assets
> **IMPORTANT** \
This is a breaking change on most platform the font needs to be changed or most control will display incorrectly.

> Uno has a new multiplateform font. The new font must be added manually to each platform to access the new symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno has a new multiplatform font. The new font must be added manually to each platform to access the new symbols.
```

## Font files

> The font is in this repository https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The font is in this repository https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts. The necessary files can be downloaded here: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts/tree/master/webfonts
```

## Changes

### iOS & macOS 
---

> The `info.plist` should be updated for both platforms, replacing winjs-symbols.ttf by uno-fluentui-assets.ttf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `info.plist` file should be updated for both platforms, replacing the string `winjs-symbols.ttf` with `uno-fluentui-assets.ttf` in the file.
```

> Uno on those plateform is looking for a font named symbols (A fonts name is not necessarily the name of the file). For this font to be available it needs to be in the resource folder.  \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS and macOS, Uno looks for a font named 'Symbols' (A font's name is not necessarily the name of the file). For this font to be available, the font file needs to be placed in the `Resources/Fonts` folder. The old `winjs-symbols.ttf` file can safely be deleted.  \
```

\
![image](Assets/font-ios.png) \
\
![image](Assets/font-macos.png)  

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the `.csproj` file (`YourApp.iOS.csproj` or `YourApp.macOS.csproj`). Replace the string `winjs-symbols.ttf` with `uno-fluentui-assets.ttf`.

```

### Android 
---
Once Uno has been updated, it will start looking for a font file named uno-fluentui-assets.ttf in the assets folder: \
\
![image](Assets/font-droid.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Open the `.csproj` (`YourApp.Droid.csproj`). Replace the string `winjs-symbols.ttf` with `uno-fluentui-assets.ttf`.
```

### WebAssembly 
---

> A wasm build won't break after the update but to access the new symbols the file Font.css should be changed. The font is passed as a base64 file: \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WASM won't break after the update, but to access the new symbols the file Font.css should be changed. The font is passed as a base64 string: \
```

\

> ![image](Assets/font-wasm.png) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![image](Assets/font-wasm.png) 

Simply replace the contents of Font.css in your app with those of the `Font.css` linked to above.

```

> ## Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known issues
```

# Uno Fluent UI assets
> **IMPORTANT** \
This is a breaking change on most platform the font needs to be changed or most control will display incorrectly.

Uno has a new multiplatform font. The new font must be added manually to each platform to access the new symbols.

## Font files
The font is in this repository https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts. The necessary files can be downloaded here: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts/tree/master/webfonts

## Changes

### iOS & macOS 
---

> The `info.plist` flie should be updated for both platforms, replacing the string `winjs-symbols.ttf` with `uno-fluentui-assets.ttf` in the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `info.plist` file should be updated for both platforms, replacing the string `winjs-symbols.ttf` with `uno-fluentui-assets.ttf` in the file.
```

Just noticed this, I think it was my fault 😄

## Changes

### iOS & macOS 
---
The `info.plist` should be updated for both platforms, replacing winjs-symbols.ttf by uno-fluentui-assets.ttf

Uno on those plateform is looking for a font named symbols (A fonts name is not necessarily the name of the file). For this font to be available it needs to be in the resource folder.  \
![image](Assets/font-ios.png) 
![image](Assets/font-macos.png)  

### Android 
---
Once Uno has been updated, it will start looking for a font file named uno-fluentui-assets.ttf in the assets folder: \
![image](Assets/font-droid.png)

### WebAssembly 
---
A wasm build won't break after the update but to access the new symbols the file Font.css should be changed. The font is passed as a base64 file: \
![image](Assets/font-wasm.png) 

## Limitations
On iOS and macOS the indeterminate state for a CheckBox is not the right color.

> ## Related Topics

Reviewer 2: For the related topics - one of the items starts with `#`, one does not, maybe remove it so it's the same for both items. OCD 😂

Author: Ahah, I get it, I cannot believe I wrote it like that.
